Quiz 1 - Cloud concepts overview


What is the pricing model that enables AWS customers topay for resources on an 
as-needed basis? (Select the best answer) 
	ANS: Pay as you go


Which of these is not a benefit of cloud computing over on-premises computing?
 (Select the best answer) 
	Ans: Pay for racking, stacking, and powering servers

Which of the following is a compute service? (Select the best answer) 
	Ans: Amazon EC2

Which of these are ways to access AWS Core Services? (Choose THREE)
	Ans: AWS Command Line Interface (AWS CLI)
		AWS Management Consol
		Software Development Kits (SDKs)

Which of these are cloud deployment models? (Choose THREE) 
	Ans: On-Premises or Private Cloud
		Hybrid
		Public Cloud





QUIZ 2 - AWS global Infrastructure


Which of the following are geographic areas that host two or more Availability
Zones (AZ)? (Select the best answer) 
	Ans: AWS Regions
	
________________ means the infrastructure has built-in component redundancy.
	Ans: Fault Tolerance

An AWS data center in an AWS Region can be shared across multiple Availability
Zones in that region.
	Ans: False

Which component of the AWS Global Infrastructure does Amazon CloudFront use to
ensure low-latency delivery? (Select the best answer) 
	Ans: AWS Edge Locations

______________ means that resources dynamically adjust to increases or 
decreases in capacity requirements. 
	Ans: Elastic and Scalable





QUIZ 3 - Compute

The acronym EC2 stands for _________________. 
	Ans: Elastic Compute Cloud

Why is AWS more economical than traditional data centers for applications with
varying compute workloads? (Select the best answer)
	ANS: Amazon EC2 instances can be launched on demand when needed

Which Amazon EC2 option is best for long-term workloads with well-understood, 
predictable usage patterns? (Select the best answer) 
	Ans: Reserved Instances

Which of the following must be specified when launching a new Amazon EC2 
instance? (Choose two answers) 
	Ans: Amazon Machine Image (AMI)
		Amazon EC2 instances type

Your cloud application must use at least one Amazon EC2 instance. 
	Ans: False


QUIZ 4 - Storage: S3

The acronym S3 stands for _________________. 
	Ans: Simple Storage Service

Amazon S3 provides object storage suitable for storing items like documents, 
photos, etc. 
	Ans: True

Amazon S3 replicates stored objects ____________. (Select the best answer) 
	Ans: In multiple availability zones within the same region.

Which of the following can be used as a storage class in a S3 object 
lifecycle policy? (Choose three) 
	Ans: S3 - Standard Access
		S3 - Infrequent Access
		S3 - Glacier

The name of a S3 bucket must be unique __________. (Select the best answer) 
	Ans: worldwide across all AWS accounts




QUIZ 5 - VPC

The acronym VPC stands for _____________. (Select the best answer) 
	Ans: Virtual Private Cloud

You need to allow resources in a private subnet to access the Internet. Which 
of the following must be present to enable this access? (Select the best 
answer) 
	ANS: NAT Gateway


The largest address space you can configure in an Amazon VPC is represented 
by which one of these CIDR blocks? 
	Ans: x.x.x.x/16



Public subnets have direct access to the Internet by way of an Internet Gateway
	Ans: True

Which of the following are true statements about Amazon VPCs?(Select 2 Answers) 
	Ans: Amazon VPC enables you to build a virtual network in the AWS cloud
		A VPC can span availability zones
	*This question may have different choices that the above answers



QUIZ 6 - Databases

Amazon Relational Database Service (RDS) is a managed service.
	Ans: True

If your solution calls for a NoSQL database, which of these services would you 
use? (Select the best answer) 
	Ans: Amazon DynamoDB

To improve the performance of read-heavy applications, which of the following 
Amazon RDS features should you use? (Select the best answer)
	Ans: Read Replicas

Amazon RDS automatically patches the database software and backs up your 
database, storing the backups for a user-defined retention period to enable 
point-in-time recovery. 
	Ans: True

What should you consider when choosing a database type? (Select the best answer) 
	Ans: All of these
	Includes: High availability, Data access period, Query Frequency,
			and Data Volume



QUIZ 7 - Security: IAM

In the shared responsibility model, AWS is responsible for providing what? 
(Select the best answer) 
	Ans: Security OF the cloud


When creating an AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) policy, what are the 
two types of access that can be granted to a user? (Choose TWO) 
	ANS: AWS management Consol Access
		Programmatic (API) access

How would a system administrator add an additional layer of login security to 
the AWS Management Console? (Select the best answer) 
	Ans: Enable Multi-factor Authenitication (MFA)

What is the "principle of least privilege"? (Select the best answer) 
	Ans: Granting only enough access to a person or service to do their job

When you create a user in your AWS account, they have some access privileges, 
by default. 
	Ans: False




QUIZ 8 - Well-Architected Framework

Which of the following are pillars of the AWS Well-Architected Framework? 
(Choose THREE) 
	Ans: Operational Excellence
		Securtiy
		Reliability

Which of the following is a well-architected principle when designing a cloud-
based solution? 
	Ans: Assume Everything Will fail

Which of these are design principles found in the Security pillar of the Well-
Architected Framework? (Choose THREE) 
	Ans: Implement a strong identity foundation
		Apply Security at all layers
		Protect data at-rest and in-transit

____________ is the percentage of time that a system is operating normally and 
performing the operations expected of it. 
	Ans: Availability

Scalability is the ability of an application to accommodate increases in 
capacity needs without having to change its design. 
	Ans: True
